Node.js: will allow us to use javascript as a backend language

Javascript: is a web runned code (google, firefox, etc) but can be used for backend with node.js

¿What is an async function?

    The word “async” before a function means one simple thing: a function always returns a promise. Other values are wrapped in a resolved promise automatically. 
    So, async ensures that the function returns a promise, and wraps non-promises in it

    Synchronous: solidity is a synchronous programming language
    Asynchronous: javascript is this, meaning several coding functions can execute at the same time

    Cooking example: [explained in cooking.js]

        Synchronous cooking:
        1. Put popcorn in the microwave     ==> returns a Promise 
        2. Wait for popcorn to finish
        3. Pour drinks for everyone

        Asynchronous cooking:
        1. Put popcorn in the microwave
        2. Pour drinks for everyone
        3. Wait for popcorn to finish

    A Promise can have 3 strates:
        -Pending
        -Fullfilled
        -Rejected

YARN PACKAGE MANAGER: 
    
    This is the tool we are going to use to install and manage all of our packages
    "yarn" command is both used to install dependencies and can be used to run scripts. Command to compile our contract is:

        [COMPILE COMMAND] --->  yarn solcjs --bin --abi --include-path node_modules/ --base-path . -o . SimpleStorage.sol

    --base-path . -o .  ==> this means that the directory is the one we want(using the ".") and the "-o" means that we want to open it

    If we go to package.json we can add that the word compile encapsulates this command and this way we dont have to write it out each time
    Warning: this will only work if we are executing  the command "compile" from within the same directory as package.json is in

GANACHE TOOL:

    Similar to a EVM in remix. Its a fake blockchain that we can run locally to test and run code before going to the mainnet

ETHERS.js

    One of the most popular javascript based tooling kits that allows us to interact with different blockchains and it has
    wrappers and makes API calls. Ethers is the main tool that powers the hardhat environment 

    Web3.js is also a very popular tool.

¿WHAT IS VERIFYING AND PUBLISHING YOUR CODE?

    Inside etherscan we can access this option and be able to publish our contract so that people that search our contract address can se the source code

    